Ways this website will make money

## Online dating or networking. ##

If people are going to be going threw and rating how much they agree or disagree
with different ideas or beliefs, after a while this website would get to know a
person pretty well. Why not allow users of this website to use this information
to meet like minded people? I can't remember a whole lot from my statistics
class, but I imagine it working something like this. On my website you would
say, on a scale from one to 10 how much you think an idea or a reason to agree
or disagree with an idea is valid. You could then be compared to other people
who use this website. For instance person A might give the position represented
on issue number 1 a score of 6 (out of ten). Person B might give that position a
score of 7. So on this issue they are one point away from each other. After a
while you could find out what the average point difference is between you and
another person. Two people who agreed all the time would have an average point
difference of zero (this is highly unlikely).
This is where statistics come in (42.7% of all statistics are made up on the
spot (Steven Wright).). If two people agree once, that does not necessarily mean
that they are a good match. Statisticians call this a confidence interval. If we
defined similar minded people as individuals who are always within two points of
each other, we could come up with a confidence interval that two people are
"similarly minded".


We should use the idea stock exchange to match individuals who want to date or
network.

If people are going to be going threw and rating how much they agree or disagree
with different ideas or beliefs, after a while this website would get to know a
person pretty well. Why not allow users of this website to use this information
to meet like minded people? I can't remember a whole lot from my statistics
class, but I imagine it working something like this. On my website you would
say, on a scale from one to 10 how much you think an idea or a reason to agree
or disagree with an idea is valid. You could then be compared to other people
who use this website. For instance person A might give the position represented
on issue number 1 a score of 6 (out of ten). Person B might give that position a
score of 7. So on this issue they are one point away from each other. After a
while you could find out what the average point difference is between you and
another person. Two people who agreed all the time would have an average point
difference of zero (this is highly unlikely).
This is where statistics come in. If two people agree once, that does not
necessarily mean that they are a good match. Statisticians call this a
confidence interval. If we defined similar minded people as individuals who are
always within two points of each other, we could come up with a confidence
interval that two people are "similarly minded". If it gets good enough people
would pay for it.

People will be able to invest in ideas, similar to the way people invest in
stocks. We will make it like a game. People already bet in weather or not
athletic teams will win or loose, we should do the same thing.